Soltest enhancements (#6462)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * SMTChecker: SSA control-flow did not take into account state variables that were modified inside inlined functions that were called inside branches.
 * Yul: Properly register functions and disallow shadowing between function variables and variables in the outside scope.

Build System:

>  * soltest.sh: allow environment variable `SOLIDITY_BUILD_DIR` to specify build folder. Add `--help` usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Test scripts: Allow environment variable `SOLIDITY_BUILD_DIR` to specify build folder read by soltest.sh and add `--help` as well as `--run_test` options to it.```

Author: With respect to "Test scripts" - I didn't change `isoltest.sh` so `soltest.sh` is more correct. The other changes are great though!

> Documentation:

Reviewer: Please remove. We usually do not mention changes to the documentation.

Author: done.

 * SMTChecker: SSA control-flow did not take into account state variables that were modified inside inlined functions that were called inside branches.
 * Yul: Properly register functions and disallow shadowing between function variables and variables in the outside scope.

Build System:

>  * soltest.sh: allow environment variable `SOLIDITY_BUILD_DIR` to specify build folder. Add `--help` usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * soltest.sh: allow environment variable ``SOLIDITY_BUILD_DIR`` to specify build folder and add ``--help`` usage.
```
